Connect to Tailscale using tsnet (#11733)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/reference/static-configuration/env-ref.md

`TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_<NAME>_TRANSPORT_RESPONDINGTIMEOUTS_WRITETIMEOUT`:  
WriteTimeout is the maximum duration before timing out writes of the response. If zero, no timeout is set. (Default: ```0```)

`TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_<NAME>_TSNET`:  
Tailscale network configuration. (Default: ```false```)

`TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_<NAME>_TSNET_AUTHKEY`:  

> Auth key for the node (overrides the TS_AUTHKEY env var).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth key for the node (overrides the `TS_AUTHKEY` env var of tsnet library).
```

`TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_<NAME>_TSNET_CONTROLURL`:  

> URL for the Tailscale control plane, when not using the default one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL for the Tailscale control plane (Default: ```https://controlplane.tailscale.com```)
```

`TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_<NAME>_TSNET_DIR`:  

> Path where Tailscale stores its state. Set it to a persistent volume to allow Traefik to remain authenticated with Tailscale. Defaults to /var/lib/tailscale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path where Tailscale stores its state. For multiple entrypoints / node configurations, this needs to point to different directories. Set it to a persistent volume to allow Traefik to remain authenticated with Tailscale. (Default: ```/var/lib/tailscale```)
```

`TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_<NAME>_TSNET_EPHEMERAL`:  
Register the node as ephemeral. (Default: ```false```)

`TRAEFIK_ENTRYPOINTS_<NAME>_TSNET_HOSTNAME`:  

> Hostname for the node; if empty, defaults to the endpoint's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hostname for the node. Be aware of Tailscale machine name conventions. (Default: entrypoint's ```<name>```)
```
